How to update the CSDb competition folders in DeepSID after a HVSC update.

Requirements
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  o  Access to MySQL databases (LOCALHOST and/or ONLINE) through PhpMyAdmin.
  o  That CSDb.dk has updated its HVSC links and DeepSID along with it.

Waiting for the right moment
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
The first and most important requirement is that (as stated above) that the CSDb web site
has updated its links and that DeepSID has been synchronized with it. Look in the "Update
CSDb data" section in the "howto_update_hvsc.txt" files for more information about how
to check and perform these things.

When the above is ready, don't start going through the events from the past half year
just yet. I used to do that and added the HVSC path links in CSDb.dk myself, but it's a
lot of work and it's completely unnecessary. You have people to do that for you! Just
wait a week or so and the maintainers of CSDb.dk have added all those HVSC paths.

After waiting a few days:

  1. Go to https://csdb.dk and click the 'Advanced' search link in the right side.
  2. Click the 'Event(s)' radio button.
  3. Ctrl+End to the bottom. C
  4. Change the start date to match when the previous HVSC update was released. It is
     usually about half a year ago.
  5. Change the end date to match when the current HVSC update was released.
  6. Set 'Results shown pr. page' to 100 and there's a good chance you can see all of it.
  7. Click 'Perform Search' and you should now see a list of blue links.

Updating the database:

  1. Open the database as the first web browser tab and click the 'competitions' table.
  2. In the second web browser tab with the list of CSDb events, start clicking each event
     link with middle mouse button to open in a third browser tab.
  3. In the third browser tab, check that there are music competitions. If not, close the
     third web browser tab and go back to step 2.
  4. If there are one or more C64 relevant music competitions, try searching the database
     to see if it is part of a series. Most events typically are. Make sure you search
     in the 'competition' field and not in the 'prefix' field. Use a "LIKE %... %" search.
  5. Find typically the last entry in the series and copy from it. If it is not a series,
     see if you can find something similar. For example, if it's an online CSDb event,
     there are other CSDb events to copy from.
  6. Columns in the copy page:

       o  prefix:       Use this if you want the event to show up in a different spot.
                        Check various event series to see how it is used.
       o  competition:  Copy the big title in top on the CSDb event page.
       o  year:         Change to current year.
       o  country:      E.g. "Germany" or "_CSDb.dk" - use underscore for web sites.
       o  type:         Check the CSDb event page to see what type of event it is.
       o  name:         Match the music competition name exactly in the event page.
       o  event_id:     Copy the ID from the web browser address bar of the event page.

  7. Click 'Go' - if you made a search for a series, the new entry should be there now. If
     it's not part of the series, go to the end of the database table to check it out.
  8. Open a fourth browser tab with the DeepSID site and enter the competitions folder. If
     you already have this open from a previous loop, refresh it to show the update.
  9. Scroll down to where the new competition entry is and determine if it is located in a
     nice spot, series or not. (Update the 'prefix' column if it needs relocating.)
 10. Enter the new entry folder. Upon entering, all the relevant files should automatically
     be looked up and shown (a cache is updated internally). Compare the list with the
     list in the CSDb event page to see if all entries are there.
 11. If one or more files are missing, you can try to find them in CSDb and manually add
     the proper HVSC path, then hit 'C' back in the entry folder to update the cache.
 12. If all file entries are present, check that each one has a "Compo" tag, and that the
     top #1 spot also has the "Winner" tag. If not, add these now. (Note that not all
     competitions have a #1 spot - it could e.g. be shared with other computer formats.)
 13. Browse back to the main competitions folder in DeepSID and go back to step 2.

--------------------------------